hello everyone its Elena and today I'll
be packing my bags for college which is
actually really scary because although
I've been in boarding school for two
years I still don't really know how to
pack because I just suck at picking what
is important / what it's not important
because my packing philosophy is
literally if you don't need it
you still pack it because you might need
it at some point that you cannot foresee
yet and you know that's not great when
you have a limit on the weight of your
luggage so what I'm gonna try to do is
I'm gonna put all my stuff down look at
everything and then I'm going to try to
you know pick what is actually important
and leave the other stuff here and I
have two suitcases to fill so that's
actually quite a lot and then my mom's
also coming to visit me so I can put
some stuff in her suitcase as well I'm
also going to have a cabin baggage and
my hands back so I can still put some
stuff in there but like it can't be very
heavy so I think I'm just gonna put a
pillow in there because I really want to
bring us one pillow so yeah it's kind of
a waste of space but whatever so yeah if
you guys want to see me packing for
college and probably not managing to put
everything in my suitcase keep watching
[Music]
okay so this is what I've accumulated so
far and you can see it's so much like I
just really suck at packing like I
definitely need to take things out I
think this is like the worst because I
have so many sweaters that I want to
bring and I don't think I'm gonna need
them all but I'm just scared of the cold
so yeah like that's the way I'm really
worried about because I've lived in Hong
Kong for the past two years but yeah
I'll definitely have to get rid of stuff
now
there's a lot of decoration stuff and a
lot of this stuff is not packaged as I
would package it for packing like
obviously I would take all the things
down of this tree and I'm obviously not
gonna bring the glass like I'm just
gonna take some of his stuff though so
yeah but I think I'm actually gonna
start putting stuff in the suitcases
first and I'm gonna leave this pile to
the end because then I'm gonna see how
much space I still have and I obviously
there's still some stuff missing like my
makeup and my hairbrush and stuff so I
can only put this in when I'm leaving so
yeah but this is what it looks like
right now and I'm honestly a little bit
terrified because I don't know how to
get some my suitcase
you
[Music]
all right I just arrived in Cambridge
and is the 22nd of September and I'm
going to move into University on the
26th so I still have a few days where I
can you know gather all my stuff that I
couldn't bring because I have an
international student so I'm gonna read
some really basic stuff like I don't bet
cheese and stuff like that over the next
few days but right now my biggest
priority is to get food because it is
like a quarter to four and I still
haven't had any lunch and I'm really
really hungry so yeah I've just pulled
up Google Maps and like I just realized
there's like free supermarkets around my
hotel so yeah I think I'm gonna get some
food pretty easily and so the plan right
now is to just get some food and then
come back here and make a little plan of
where I'm gonna get all the things that
I want to buy and I think I'm only gonna
stop buying stuff like tomorrow or maybe
even the day after tomorrow because
tomorrow Sunday because unsaved right
now I just want to chill and I'm really
tired from the travel so yeah we're
gonna see but yeah I really need to
figure out where I'm gonna buy all this
stuff because I'm thinking about taking
a train to London for one day to go and
do some shopping but I don't know if
that would be necessary so I do need to
do some research or not and I also need
to do some work on my stuff on homework
that they gave me because I haven't
finished it yet but it gets up too much
I think I can finish it relatively
quickly so yeah let's see how that one
goes
right now let's get some food
[Music]
yeah we get some food finally so I'm in
it now because I'm super hungry and then
I'm gonna figure everything out it's
Tuesday and it's like 12 p.m. right now
and I already did a little bit of work
in the morning
so yeah I'm doing pretty okay with my
summer homework but I also have a lot of
other stuff to do like it's not like a
huge thing like any of it but I just
need to get all these minor things done
so today I'm just gonna go through my
to-do list and then I hope that I can
get it done by the end of the day so
that then tomorrow I can actually catch
the train and probably I'll go to London
and just buy my stuff there but yeah I
still haven't done my research on where
to buy stuff because yesterday after I
ate I just like told myself well I'm
gonna take like a really short nap and
then I just like napped for like three
hours or something and then I had dinner
and I was just like oh okay I'm gonna go
to sleep now I think I was just really
tired and I think it was good because
honestly like I was like you know
carrying around two huge suitcases and
my Kevin luggage and my handbag so like
you know I'm kind of tired I think
that's fine so yeah but that means I got
to catch up on some things today and
then yeah tomorrow I'll go and buy all
my stuff so yeah let's do some work now
cause I got myself some tea because I
thought oh my god he's such a good idea
because it's so cold like literally
think I think 12 degrees or something
like yeah 12 degrees it's just really
cool and I think it has not stopped
raining since I arrived here
like I'm really fascinated by how much
it can rain a day because it just
doesn't seem to stop so yeah we're gonna
see if maybe tomorrow I have a chance of
you know going somewhere without getting
wet but with a good out one out and I'll
start working and hopefully my team will
finally start getting cooler so I can
actually drink it without burning my
tongue oh yeah let's do it
[Music]
so I went to London today and this is
everything I got like I didn't get
anything like really big I could just
got you know like some basic stuff like
cutlery and then some plates and stuff
like that because I really needed that I
also got some hangers you're like super
super baby stuff
um but I realized I actually forgot to
buy a laundry basket so that was not
smart so I'm gonna go in the internet
now and I'm going to check if I can like
order it because I don't really want to
go back and you know pay for the ride
just to get a laundry basket but yeah
aside from forgetting to buy laundry
basket it's all good I didn't really buy
any decorations and stuff because I want
to see the room first before I buy
anything and I figured I could probably
buy this off Amazon I really hope that
this is going to work everywhere I'm
just going to get a train and go back to
Ikea in London and buy all the stuff and
well maybe I can order it I'm not sure
if they ship the frames and stuff
because I'm really into putting up
pictures and everything and I know they
don't ship them in Germany usually so I
don't know if that'd work but we'll see
about that but yeah set up the plan and
so tomorrow I might go off and you know
look a little bit of Cambridge because I
haven't seen the University at all so
far so yeah like it would be great you
know to just like walk around a little
bit
see some of the college's maybe see my
own college that would be great too
and yeah then I got a pack and I really
go to try to get this entire IKEA bag
which is next to me into my two
suitcases and I have no idea how I'm
gonna do this and how I'm gonna carry
all of my stuff to the college on the
day after but I'm going to figure it out
somehow so yeah like I need to make a
plan for that and then I'm going to go
on the internet now you know how order
laundry basket because that's kind of
important
so yeah tomorrow it's just gonna be you
know a lot of packing and probably going
to Cambridge University and you know
seeing where I'm going to live for the
next three years because honestly I kind
of want to know so yeah and then I'm
gonna move in the other day and I'm
going to bring you guys along for
move-in day
[Music]
gorgeous I'm so big like wow like I had
a corner in a room with for like two
years now this is amazing oh my god I
cannot believe it like I didn't expect
such a great room and honestly like I'm
just so happy right now okay you've
already seen this little bit but you
haven't seen this yet okay so I'm
looking at a cord here um here's my bad
yeah then just nobody eating suggest mr.
room from a roommate we could shut up
cuz it's has and then here we go he's a
super small kitchen um but like still we
have got one kitchen oh my god we have a
fridge I cannot believe it this is
amazing and then we just have like a
normal bathroom and he hasn't shower
that's good like well I cannot believe
this cuz I made it to my dorm I'm so
happy for my dorm but now I have to go
and get my other suitcase because I left
it at the porters Lodge because it was
so heavy so I'm gonna go get it and then
we're gonna start on packing
[Music]
okay so my roommate arrived and I was
really nice / because she helped me get
all my stuff for the parcels because I
had all my books already sent to me and
it's a lot I don't know how I'm gonna
read it in like one year only because
our terms are so short I know it just
seems like a lot but yeah I'm gonna
unpack them later
um but yeah right now my room is just a
mess and like now I have all these
passes here um thank em isn't for that
and yeah this is what it looks like
right now here my progress of unpacking
you can call that progress but yeah it's
11 now and I'm gonna go out of one and
meet up with you have international
freshers for getting some lunch and yeah
then I'm gonna finish unpacking hey guys
so it's the next day because I forgot to
film yesterday because I went out with
the girls from New Zealand that I met
and you know we just chatted and then we
went to the doctors and got registered
which is really important and we've
already done that so that's great
because I was really scared that you
know the lines would be super long
during freshers week and his only
internationals have arrived so far when
you're sure you didn't have to wait and
you know was super fast that's great and
yeah my mom actually came today which is
so nice because she came to visit and
she brought some of my stuff so now I
have like everything and I guess what my
room looks right now and it is not like
fully done like I really need sure you
know fix it and like really finish it
but I've unpacked everything and I'm
really proud of that because I mean I've
been here literally less than 48 hours
and everything is unpacked so I'm really
proud of that yeah I'm just gonna give
you guys like a quick look Oh what my
room is like right now so here we have
too bad I already brought that pillow
myself my mom brought the pink blanket
because I really wanted to have it
because it's super cold in my room right
now because somehow this heat chain here
doesn't work I put it to five but it's
super cold and I don't know I feel like
the windows aren't closing properly I
don't know because um it's just so cold
in here like it's a tree colder than
outside so yeah I'm gonna ask
housekeeping about that and yeah then
here I just
like all my stuff for my subjects and I
just put the books for each different
cause in here and yeah then just like
some note paper and stuff and I really
like me to clean out this basket because
it's super messy and I'm gonna ask the
housekeeping department if they would
let mind taking the chair because I
don't really want it because you can't
properly like open my wardrobe because
the chairs here so yeah but I want to
keep the upper chair and then this is
what my desk looks like at the moment
and yeah so you see it's quite empty
still but yeah I just took like one of
these baskets here which I got from Ikea
and put all my cable stuff in here which
i think is really good because you know
then you don't see it as much because I
don't like it when you see all the
cables but yeah this is what my room
looks like at the moment if you guys won
like a full room tour once it's done let
me know and I can film one since I'm
officially settled in and I've been here
for a few hours now I thought I'd end
this vlog here and yeah please remember
this was my first vlog I hope it was
like enjoyable for you guys watching
yeah if you guys have any questions feel
free to drop them in the comments or
send me a message for the context
section on my blog which is linked in
the infobox below thank you guys so much
for watching bye